Added array_any_value function (#12329)
apache/datafusion: docs/source/user-guide/sql/scalar_functions.md

- [empty](#empty)
- [flatten](#flatten)
- [generate_series](#generate_series)

> - [list_any_value] (#list_any_value)

Reviewer: 👍

> - [list_any_value] (#list_any_value)

Reviewer 2: I think the space breaks the markdown rendering. Opened https://github.com/apache/datafusion/pull/12627
<img width="1584" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3cb77641-ce4c-45a3-a66f-edc6ed5e1e3a">

> - [unnest](#unnest)

Reviewer: Please add a bulletin for `list_array_any`.

Author: Done

- [unnest](#unnest)
- [range](#range)

### `array_any_value`

> Appends an element to the end of an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the first non-null element in the array.
```
